c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.exe.config
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.exe
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.pdb
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.Glavni.resources
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.Proizvodi.resources
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.exe
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.pdb
C:\Users\Faruk\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.NoviRacun.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.PrikažiRačune.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.AzurirajRacun.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\StampajRacune.rpt
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\StampajRacune.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.StampajRacun.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.IzvjestajProdaje.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\IzvjestajiProdaje.rpt
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\IzvjestajiProdaje.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\RačuniIzmeđuDvaBroja.rpt
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\RačuniIzmeđuDvaBroja.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.RačuniIzmeđuDvaBr.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.exe.config
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.exe
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.pdb
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\IzvjestajiProdaje.rpt
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\RačuniIzmeđuDvaBroja.rpt
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\StampajRacune.rpt
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\IzvjestajiProdaje.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\RačuniIzmeđuDvaBroja.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\StampajRacune.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.exe
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.pdb
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.AzurirajRacun.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.Glavni.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.IzvjestajProdaje.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.NoviRacun.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.PrikažiRačune.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.Proizvodi.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.RačuniIzmeđuDvaBr.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.StampajRacun.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.exe.config
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.exe
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.pdb
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\IzvjestajiProdaje.rpt
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\RačuniIzmeđuDvaBroja.rpt
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\StampajRacune.rpt
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\IzvjestajiProdaje.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\RačuniIzmeđuDvaBroja.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\StampajRacune.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.exe
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\bin\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.pdb
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.AzurirajRacun.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.Glavni.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.IzvjestajProdaje.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.NoviRacun.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.PrikažiRačune.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.Proizvodi.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.RačuniIzmeđuDvaBr.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.StampajRacun.resources
C:\Users\Faruk\Desktop\Skola\maturski\ElektronskoPlacanje\ElektronskoPlacanje\obj\Debug\ElektronskoPlacanje.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
